Add keypoint-detection task guide (#33274)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/tasks/keypoint_detection.md

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

> # Keypoint Detection Task Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keypoint Detection
```

[[open-in-colab]]

> Keypoint Detection is a task used to identify and locate specific points of interest within an image. These keypoints, also known as landmarks, represent meaningful features of objects, such as facial landmarks, or object parts. These models take image input and return following outputs: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keypoint detection identifies and locates specific points of interest within an image. These keypoints, also known as landmarks, represent meaningful features of objects, such as facial features or object parts. These models take an image input and return the following outputs: 
```

> - **Keypoints and Scores**: Points of interest and how confidently they are predicted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Keypoints and Scores**: Points of interest and their confidence scores.
```

- **Descriptors**: A representation of the image region surrounding each keypoint, capturing its texture, gradient, orientation and other properties.

In this guide, we will show how to extract keypoints from images.

> Let's begin. For this tutorial we will use [SuperPoint](./model_doc/superpoint.md) which is a foundation model for keypoint detection.
> 
> We can initialize the model and the processor like following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this tutorial, we will use [SuperPoint](./model_doc/superpoint.md), a foundation model for keypoint detection.
```

```python
from transformers import AutoImageProcessor, SuperPointForKeypointDetection
processor = AutoImageProcessor.from_pretrained("magic-leap-community/superpoint")
model = SuperPointForKeypointDetection.from_pretrained("magic-leap-community/superpoint")
```

> Get the images. They look like following. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's test the model on the images below.
```

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center;">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/bee.jpg" 
         alt="Bee" 
         style="height: 200px; object-fit: contain; margin-right: 10px;">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/cats.png" 
         alt="Cats" 
         style="height: 200px; object-fit: contain;">
</div>

```python
import torch
from PIL import Image
import requests
import cv2

url_image_1 = "https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/bee.jpg"
image_1 = Image.open(requests.get(url_image_1, stream=True).raw)
url_image_2 = "https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/cats.png"
image_2 = Image.open(requests.get(url_image_2, stream=True).raw)

images = [image_1, image_2]
```

We can now process our inputs and infer.

```python
inputs = processor(images,return_tensors="pt").to(model.device, model.dtype)
outputs = model(**inputs)
```

> The model output looks like following. The model output has relative keypoints, descriptors, masks and scores for each item in the batch. The mask here is a mask that highlights areas of the image where keypoints are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model output has relative keypoints, descriptors, masks and scores for each item in the batch. The mask highlights areas of the image where keypoints are present.
```
